[Music]
did you know that your brain can work
wonders it not only controls all of your
body processes but it also helps you
make even your wildest dreams come true
you can improve your life by simply
changing your thoughts to understand how
it works
watch these 10 surprising facts about
human brain that prove you can achieve
anything
[Music]
number 10 your brain doesn't realize the
difference between reality and
imagination sounds intriguing doesn't it
your brain can't tell fact from fantasy
because it reacts to each of your
thoughts that's why people who look at
the world through rose-tinted glasses
feel happier they think our planet is a
great place to live and their brain
makes them believe in it no matter what
circumstances surround them this also
explains why people get addicted to
video games or feel scared after
watching a horror movie and yeah that's
why your body accepts placebos as real
medicine number 9 mental work doesn't
tire your brain you normally feel tired
mainly because of your emotions the
composition of blood flowing through
your brain during its active work
remains unchanged although blood from
the veins of a person who has worked all
day changes considerably number eight
most of the time your brain works
automatically more than half of your
presence offs are thoughts from
yesterday most of the time you scroll
past the same worries plans and phrases
as you did a week ago that's why it's so
difficult for pessimists to change their
worldview they need to literally clean
their brains to be able to react to
positive things more often number seven
you see what you are thinking about all
of your thoughts turn into life
experiences for example if you dream
about a trip to Paris you'll see
reminders of this city everywhere French
music in a cafe the smell of fresh-baked
croissants a new French movie your brain
will pay attention to all of these small
signs want to change the world around
you change your thinking
number six your brain needs training the
brain is no different from muscles it
also needs training learning fresh air
workouts healthy eating sound sleep
traveling taking notes and dancing are
all beneficial for your brain according
to scientists of the University of
Pennsylvania learning a foreign language
is the best kind of training when you
study a new language the structure of
your brain changes this method works
regardless of gender and age therefore
learning a new language might help older
people strengthen their brains number
five your brain never rests we spend
about a third of our lives asleep but
even when you sleep your brain continues
to work hard according to studies its
activity during sleep is even higher
than during the day your brain records
everything you see and when you sleep it
builds logical chains for each of your
own self problem hence the phrase the
night brings counsel got a problem take
a nap number four shutting down is vital
from time to time we need to shut
ourselves down to give a break to our
immune system otherwise thousands of
negative thoughts and worries will
absorb us drop everything close your
laptop and let your brain restart
however lying down on a couch surrounded
by snacks isn't a great idea active rest
is the most useful kind of relaxation
for your brain take a walk write a
bicycle or play frisbee at least turn on
some good music and dance like no one's
watching
number three forgetting something you
make your nervous system flexible to
save new memories your brain needs to
get rid of old ones it would be nice if
we were able to decide what to remember
and what to forget here is a solution
use the information that you want to
preserve more often number two your
brain doesn't feel pain your brain
reacts to pain but it doesn't feel it
itself because of the lack of necessary
receptors however this fact doesn't
apply the blood vessels nerve
and tissues that surround your brain
number one you can change your brain
doesn't this sound incredible any kind
of activity makes your brain generate
new neural connections if you think you
are not able to get a promotion this
idea will be locked into your
consciousness but if you keep saying I
will succeed I can do it your brain will
give you an opportunity to realize your
goals in other words you can achieve
absolutely anything nothing is
impossible for your brain the main thing
is to believe if you've enjoyed the
video hit that thumbs up button and if
you're visiting our channel for the
first time click subscribe to stay with
us on bright side